Add chapter on macro signatures (#270)
amzn/ion-docs: src/signatures.adoc

[[sec:signatures]]
== Macro Signatures

include::styles.adoc[]

> A macro's _signature_ define the syntax of expressions that invoke it, and the set of input values
> it acceptable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A macro's _signature_ defines the syntax of expressions that invoke it, and the set of input values
it accepts.
```

and `string`; `number` accepts `int`, `decimal`, and `float`; `lob` accepts `blob` and `clob`;
`sequence` accepts `list` and `sexp`; `any` accepts any value.
Nulls and annotations are accepted as with the concrete types.

[{bnf}]
|===
include::grammar.adoc[tag=abstract-type]
|===

Collectively, the abstract and concrete types are the _tagged types_.
Parameters of these types can use macro invocations in place of normal values.

The _primitive types_ are subtypes of various concrete types that have particularly compact
binary encodings.
These include variable-length strings, symbols, signed ``int``s, unsigned ``uint``s,
as well as fixed-width ``int``s, ``uint``s, and ``float``s, all of various widths between 8 and
64 bits.
These types are untagged, so they do not accept nulls, annotations, or macro invocations.

[{bnf}]
|===
include::grammar.adoc[tag=primitive-type]
|===

Finally, any visible macro can be used as a type, in which case the argument is written (in text)
as an S-expression with elements matching that macro’s signature.
As with tagless arguments, these arguments are serialized without any explicit indication of
their type, since that’s implied by context.

> (Zero-parameter macros—constants—are acceptable but pointless.)

Author: ```suggestion
(Using a zero-parameter macro as a parameter type is acceptable but pointless, since the result is constant.)
```

> (Zero-parameter macros—constants—are acceptable but pointless.)

Reviewer: Took me a second to understand what this means. It's not saying that zero-parameter macros themselves are pointless, but rather that including a zero-parameter macro in a macro signature is pointless. Might be worth clarifying.

To declare a rest parameter, use one of the two special cardinality modifiers:

* `\...` denotes a parameter that accepts zero or more values.
* `\...+` denotes a parameter that accepts one or more values.

Examples:

[{nrm}]
----
(counts int \...)      // Accepts zero or more ints
(points point \...+)   // Accepts one or more points
----

=== Voidable and Optional Parameters

Parameters with cardinality accepting zero values (declared with modifiers `?`, `*`, or `\...`)
are called _voidable_ because their resulting value streams can be void.
A parameter is _optional_ when it is voidable and all following parameters are voidable.

Optional parameters are given special treatment in text invocations: their arguments can be
omitted entirely (as long as all following arguments are also omitted).

=== Arity

The _minimum arity_ of a macro is equal to the number of leading non-optional parameters.
Assuming no rest-parameter, the _maximum arity_ of the macro is the total number of declared
parameters.
A macro with a rest-parameter has no maximum arity.
A macro with equal minimum and maximum arity is _fixed arity_; other templates are _variable
arity_.

=== Result Specification

> To enable more robust and easier-to debug templates, a signature can express a _result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable more robust and easier-to-debug templates, a signature can express a _result
```

> specification_ that constraints the data that it produces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specification_ that constrains the data that it produces.
```
